Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[Birds chirping]
[J' "love song" by Lesley Duncan playing]
J“ the words I have to say j“
j“ may well be simple but they're true j“
J“ until you give your love j“
j“ there '3 nothing more that we can do j“
J“ love is the opening doorj'
j“ love is what we came here forj'
j“ no one could offer you more j“
j“ do you know what I mean? J“
j“ have your eyes really seen? J“
J“ you say it's very hard j“
j“ to leave behind the life we knew j“
J“ but there's no other way j”
j“ and now it's really up to you j“
J“ love is the key we must turn j“
j“ truth is the flame we must burn j“
j“ freedom the lesson we must learn j“
j“ do you know what I mean? J“
j“ have your eyes really seen? J“
[music stops]
[Handbrake creaks]
[Gear shifts]
[Birds chirping]
Mrs. Marlowe. yes?
Harper. yes.
Wonderful. Geoffrey.
Hi. [Chuckles]
- Do come in.
- Thank you.
Was it a hellish drive?
- No. no. no. Not at all.
- Oh. good.
The m4 can be beastly.
"M4. dreadful chore." [Chuckles]
That's what we used to say.
Well. it's a beautiful house.
Yes. nearly 500 years old in parts. Hmm?
What a thought. eh?
Shakespeare.
[Clicks tongue]
Or pre.
Uh. look. you must have bags.
Sorry? [Chuckles]
Oh. you must have bags.
Boot of the car?
Why don't I bring them in?
[Stutters] I can help.
Oh. no. no. no.
No. no. absolutely not. No.
You. uh. make yourself comfortable.
The kettle's boiled.
Kitchen just through there.
Uh. tea in the cupboard.
milk in the fridge.
Just where you'd expect to find them.
[Chuckles]
Great. [Chuckles]
Won't be a jiffy.
[Door opens]
[Door closes]
[Switch clicks]
[Door opens]
Shit.
Can I help?
Uh. no. no. No. no. No problem.
[Geoffrey panting]
Gosh. broken a sweat. [Chuckles]
Started to wish I'd let you help.
[Chuckles]
Still. I expect you need it all.
It's two weeks
you've got the place. isn't it?
Yeah. That's right. yeah.
Oh. you found the tea.
Jolly good.
Apple from the garden?
Yeah. it was delicious.
Scrumping. eh? No. no. no. no.
Mustn't do that.
Forbidden fruit.
Oh. Uh...
God. sorry. i-i...
I'm joking. [Chuckles]
Have as many as you like.
Make chutney.
They only fall to the ground and spoil.
Next thing you know.
the place is full of wasps.
- Shall I show you around?
- Yeah.
Uh. and let's start with the ground floor.
Drawing room.
Oh. now. not the best
reception on the telly.
Little bit patchy when it's raining.
Don't know why.
Fireplace is good to go.
Oh. and if you run out of wood.
there's stacks more in the shed.
Moving in to the piano room.
[Plays notes]
Do you play the piano?
Uh. no.
Oh. Me neither.
Now let me show you the dining room.
Good for a slap-up Sunday roast.
Uh. the cloak room. Coats. brollies.
wellies. blah. blah. blah.
But. obviously. try not
to walk mud through the house.
Upstairs.
Up the wibbly-wobbly way.
Little uneven but hold your nerve.
[Humming]
Clean towels. plenty of soap.
And. uh. good big tub
for soaking after a long walk.
Ah. only thing...
Sorry. have to say it.
Uh. ladies.
do watch what you flush.
Right. Yeah.
Septic tank. you see.
Can't cope.
Well. let's say no more.
[Chuckles]
Finally. ta-da.
The master bedroom.
Wow.
Yeah. wonderful view. isn't it?
See the church spire over the trees?
That's the village.
A stone's throw.
Jolly nice pub if you're interested.
Ten-minute walk there.
30-minute walk back. [Chuckles]
Mm. Clean sheets and so forth.
And. uh. will it just be you staying or...
Yeah. it's just me.
Where's hubby?
Excuse me?
"Mrs. Marlowe." no?
Yeah. uh. no.
No. it isn't.
I haven't changed it yet. the "Mrs."
Or the surname.
Oh. Oh.
Well done. Geoffrey.
[Chuckles awkwardly]
Oh. no. Please. it's fine.
Wi-Fi password. and all that mumbo jumbo
is in the welcome pack on the piano.
Now. key. Key to the castle.
[Chuckles] Just the one.
Don't worry if you lose it.
To be honest. you don't need to lock
your doors 'round here.
Well. thanks again.
The-the place is lovely.
It's exactly what I hoped for.
Ah. Well. I'll leave you to it.
Oh. if you need me. you've got my number.
And I live just down the Lane.
The cottage with
a "beware of the dog" sign.
And even though the old girl's been dead
these past five years.
and never said boo to a goose. [Laughs]
Well. thanks again.
- Bye-bye!
- [Softly] Bye.
I think I might have splashed out
just a little bit too much.
[Woman on phone]
No. it's gorgeous.
Yes. yes. yes. It is.
It is the dream country house.
Can you give me the tour?
I want to see all of it.
Uh. yeah. can I do it later?
I just finished the tour
with the owner. Geoffrey.
He was quite a character.
Go on.
[Sighs]
He was a very. very. specific type.
Very. very country.
[Imitates British accent]
And will you be joining him
grouse shooting tomorrow?
That's perfect.
He asked about James. actually.
[American accent] What do you mean.
he asked about James? How?
[Sighs] I booked it under Mrs. Marlowe.
Just... strange that I did that.
Automatic. I guess.
So. what did you tell him?
I didn't tell him anything.
I implied I was divorced.
[Softly] Yeah.
- Harper...
- Stop. I know what you're gonna say.
I mean. I don't know. but...
[Inhales deeply]
Look. this kind of thing
is gonna happen again and again.
In one way. it's gonna
happen my whole life. so.
I'm just gonna have to get used to it.
Okay.
But you didn't know what I was gonna say.
I was gonna say.
did you know that elephants
are the only animal that can't jump?
[Chuckles]
Just an interesting fact
that I needed to share with you.
That is very interesting.
Yeah. and it's...
[Static]
Elephant dressage events
never really took off.
Sorry. Lame.
No. no. No. No. no. sorry.
just the signal cut out.
Fucking typical.
I was being hilarious.
[Harper chuckles]
- Um...
- So. yeah. I 'il...
- I'll see you later.
- Yeah. yeah. You bet.
- All right. Love you.
- Bye. love you.
- Bye.
[Breathes deeply]
[Rain pattering]
[Man] You're not divorcing me.
You're divorcing how...
How I've been for... for the past year.
I get that. but once... once I've...
James.
We... we made promises. Harper.
In a church.
What promises did we make?
If I can know why you married me.
then I can subtract
what's different about me now.
- James.
- Yes?
Please.
I'll kill myself.
No. you can't...
You can't say something like that.
- You can't say that to me!
- I'm saying it.
I say it because you will
have to live with it.
On your conscience.
No. James! Just. please...
Stop saying please. Harper!
Stop pleading! I am pleading!
Now. I am sorry you will have
to live with my death
on your conscience. but it's the truth.
You can't give this to me.
It'll be as if you'd killed me yourself.
You can't say this.
You can't do that. No. James.
No. it'll be as if you killed yourself.
and would be fucking unbearable.
That is the last thing
I would ever. ever want.
This isn't... it's not.
It's not the last thing
because you wanna divorce me.
That's so...
- You wanna divorce me...
- That's so fucking crazy!
More than you wanna keep me alive!
- Can't you hear what you're saying?
- How is my life worth so little to you?
Because I have a life. too!
I have a fucking life!
You are threatening me.
- I'm not threatening you.
- You are...
It's not a threat.
It's a warning.
You're fucking threatening me.
and it's fucking horrible.
- It's a fact!
- It tears me apart!
But when you threaten me
into not divorcing you.
that is exactly why
we have to get divorced.
And I am going to divorce you. okay?
I am. I am.
Because I can't live like...
Mwmm
I can't live...
[Breathes sharply]
[Sobbing softly]
[Inhales deeply]
[Sniffles]
[Birds chirping]
[Grunting]
[Ethereal music playing]
[Ethereal music continues]
[Rain pattering softly]
[Ethereal choral music playing]
[Thunder rumbles]
[Ethereal choral music continues]
[Music fades oft]
[Water dripping]
Ahh!
[Echoing]
[Echo growing fainter]
[Echo fades oft]
Ah. ah!
- [Echoing]
- [Chuckles]
[Echo fades oft]
[Water continues dripping]
J“ ah. ah. ah. ah j“
[tune echoing]
[Chuckles]
[Echoing continues]
[Second tune]
J“ ah. ah. ah. ah j“
- [both tunes echoing]
- [Laughing]
[Third tune]
J“ ah. ah. ah. ah j“
[second and third tunes overlapping]
Fahj'
[all tunes overlapping and harmonizing]
[Echoes fade oft]
[Eerie music playing]
[Hoarse scream]
[Scream echoing]
[Scream echoing loudly]
[Echoing stops]
[Eerie music continues]
[Huffs]
- [Distant scream]
- [Gasps]
[Breathing heavily]
[Gasps]
[Panting]
[Distant scream]
[Distant scream echoing]
[Echoing stops]
[Grunting]
- [Twig snaps]
- Oh.
[Crow cawing]
[Twig snaps]
[Pants]
[Wind whistling]
[Grunts]
[Wind blowing]
[Sighs]
[Camera clicks]
[Eerie operatic music playing]
Fuck.
[Eerie operatic music continues]
[Music fades oft]
[Gulls squawking]
[Sinister music playing]
[Sinister music continues]
[Cellphone beeps]
[Chuckles softly]
[Eerie music playing]
[Sighs heavily]
[Birds chirping]
[Electric toothbrush buzzing]
[Plays piano notes]
[Plays note]
[Playing chopin's
"nocturne op. 9 no. 2"]
[Continues playing]
- [Plays wrong note]
- Fuck.
[Stops playing]
[Sighs heavily]
[Keyboard clacks]
Hey.
Yeah. good.
Um. I'm just going through the figures
you just sent over.
The revisions. yeah.
I just wanted to double-check
a couple of things.
Yeah. uh. but. sorry.
we can't offer them that deal
if the figures are correct.
Our margins disappear.
Margins.
Yeah. [Grunts] Uh-huh.
Okay. Call the suppliers and check.
[Cellphone vibrating]
- Hey!
- [Riley] Hi.
I'm ready for that tour your promised me.
Now?
Yeah. it's perfect timing.
- Who for?
- Come on. Harper!
Okay. Okay.
This place is pretty cool.
So. here's the garden.
Oh!
Conservatory.
Love it!
And...
The kitchen.
Red walls. that's bold.
- Very.
- Yeah. it works.
[Gasps] Shaker. ugh!
- I know.
- [Riley sighs]
And moving ever so gently
into the east wing.
You'll notice the beautiful patina
on the flagstone floor.
- Low oak beams.
- Of course.
And here we have a generously
proportioned living room.
- [Riley chuckles in awe]
- Open wood fire.
- Comfortable sofas.
- Uh!
And a baby grand.
- [Vmed -uaughs]
- Do you play piano?
- I do. actually.
Love that wallpaper.
- Those windows!
- Ugh. sunlit aspect.
And. look. check out the view of the...
I'll call you back.
- What...
- [Hangs up]
[Unnerving music playing]
[Phone keys tapping]
- [Line ringing]
- [Operator] 999.
which service do you require?
Police.
Please explain the reason for calling.
There's an intruder in my garden.
Um. a man.
He isn't wearing any clothes.
and I think he might be stalking me.
- Can you give me your address?
- [Harper gasps]
It's a village. Cotson.
Uh. c-o—t-s-o...
Herefordshire?
- Yeah.
- Oka y.
Does the house have
any distinguishing features?
Features? Um...
Uh. my. uh... my car.
My car's parked outside.
It's a blue Ford fiesta.
Registration ck61 lzf.
Explain what's happening. please.
[Unnerving music continues]
Can you explain
what's happening. please?
[Breathing heavily]
A police car has been dispatched.
Please stay on the line.
I am staying on the line.
Are you alone in the house?
[Harper shrieks]
- He's trying to get in.
- Police are on their way.
There's a car in your area.
It will be with you soon.
[Breathing heavily]
[Phone chimes]
I'm scaring you?
Yeah. you are.
You're scaring me.
How do you not understand that?
How do you make yourself
into the fucking victim?
- You scare me.
- James.
[Stuttering]
Look. I don't want either of us
to be scared of the other.
Well. what...
What. you're saying I do want that?
No. I'm not saying that.
No. no. What does this say?
It says. "he's really scaring me."
What've you said to that bitch. Riley?
Nothing.
[Breathes heavily]
- Unlock it.
- No.
What are you trying to hide from me?
It's my phone.
[Groans]
[Grunts and gasps]
[Birds chirping]
[Police radio chatter]
[Female officer]
Okay. let's get him up.
[Male officer]
Come on then. my friend.
So you don't know who he is?
Well. he wasn't carrying any ID.
that's for sure.
Looks like he's been sleeping rough.
I saw him yesterday.
Well... [sighs]
I know. I... I think...
I think he followed me out of the woods.
Which woods?
Oh. god. I don't know the area.
I was on a walk.
Um. it was the forest
just over the fields.
Mm. cotson woods. the old railway line.
Yeah. that's probably
where he was sleeping.
Look. it must've been very frightening.
I do understand.
But honestly.
I think he's harmless.
He didn't resist at all.
Seemed a bit confused.
bit of a nut. you know.
Right. yeah.
He stinks to high heaven. though.
That man is definitely in need of a wash.
I'm not looking toward
to driving him to the station.
Well. I'm just glad you were nearby.
Me too.
[Harper] Oh. no.
They came really quickly.
Which is bloody lucky
'cause I bet their response time
can be really slow out here.
[Riley] Please let me come up.
Harper. for fuck's sake.
Oh. for fuck's sake yourself.
I didn't come here to be afraid. Riley.
What are you trying to prove?
This isn't about being weak.
Yeah. it isn't.
It was just some weirdo. okay?
And the police said he wasn't dangerous.
and they've got him now anyway. so...
End of story.
Look. it's a quiet. pretty village
in beautiful countryside.
[Chuckling]
I'm gonna do a bit more work.
and then I'm gonna have a wander around.
There's an old church nearby.
and. apparently. the pub's nice. so...
[Riley clicks tongue]
- Okay.
[Laughs]
[Birds chirping]
[Door closes]
[Eerie music playing]
[Eerie music continues]
[Eerie music fades oft]
[Operatic music playing]
What was that. James?
Your plan to win me back?
Harper...
- Get out.
- [James sighs]
Get out.
I'm... I'm sorry. please.
Get out! Get out!
- Harper. I...
- Get out!
Get out!
I'm sorry!
No! You want to fucking apologize?
After threatening to kill yourself?
Don't bother. I don't give a fuck!
It'll make no difference.
because whatever you say. whatever you do.
you will never. ever see me again.
Now get the fuck out!
[Wailing]
[Operatic music resumes]
[Panting heavily]
[Spooky music playing]
[Sobbing softly]
[Sobbing]
[Sniffling]
[Man] Who are you?
I'm Harper.
Wanna play a game?
Hide and seek?
You hide. I'll seek.
I... I... I don't think I can.
You can't hide?
Go on.
I bet you're good at it.
And I'm good at seeking.
I'm just not in the mood
to play a game right now.
Sorry.
Samuel. Go home.
Leave the lady alone.
No. I want to play a game with her.
She's told you perfectly clearly
she doesn't feel like it.
Perhaps she will later.
but not right now.
Why don't you fuck off?
You first.
[Samuel] Stupid bitch.
[Vicar] I do apologize.
Samuel is a deeply troubled boy.
I live in London.
I'm used to kids swearing at me.
Not so used to them
swearing at vicars. but... [chuckles]
Yes. but. um...
Just one thing. Do you mind?
You're in pain. yes?
Sorry?
I noticed you just now. in the church.
sitting in the pews.
And...
At first. I thought you were praying.
but then I realized you weren't praying.
You're tormented.
I didn't approach.
but of course. I should have.
I am now.
Do you think I could help?
I don't know if I'm...
Tormented. exactly. but...
But?
It feels more like...
Haunted?
Let's sit a while.
I'd had a row with my husband.
We were separating. and...
But this was...
This was by far the worst.
And something happened.
He hit me.
[Vicar sighs]
[Stuttering]
He'd never done that before.
I... I... I screamed at him.
I was so angry.
I made him leave. threw him out.
locked the door.
Wouldn't let him back in.
Then. apparently. what happened next
was he pushed his way
into the flat upstairs.
went to their balcony.
tried to climb down to ours.
but he...
He slipped. Or...
Or let himself go.
[Scoffs softly]
I honestly don't know.
As he fell past.
I was looking out.
And he was looking in.
And it felt like
we could see each other.
Well. I'm not even sure
if that's possible.
Could he see me?
As he fell?
It happened so quickly.
but I think he did.
And that's what haunts me.
[Breathes deeply]
I see.
If I may...
I think you need to be understood.
And I do understand.
I can fully imagine
it must be dreadful for you.
And. inevitably.
you also feel an awful sense of...
Of guilt.
And that haunts you. too.
The seared snapshot image.
Why. yes. you carry it. You...
You see it when you
close your eyes. but...
Also. you ask yourself repeatedly.
"what if?"
"If only."
Yeah. I do. Yeah.
[Vicar sniffles]
It's the screaming.
[Scoffs]
I think he wasn't screaming.
No. yours.
[Uneasy music playing]
You must wonder why you drove him to it?
What? I didn't drive him to it.
Well...
After he struck you.
did you give him a chance to apologize?
What? [Scoffing]
Did... did you?
No. I...
Men do strike women sometimes.
It's not nice.
but it's not a capital offense.
What?
Do you prefer things
to be comfortable or true?
Might it be true
that if you'd given him
the chance to apologize.
he'd still be alive?
Fuck off.
- Aren't these the questions you asked?
- Fuck off!
[Sighs]
[Eerie music playing]
[Sucks teeth]
[Breathes deeply]
[Birds chirping]
[Harper's echoing song playing]
[Ethereal music playing]
[Harper's echoing song continues]
[Ethereal music continues]
[Haunting operatic music playing]
[Operatic and echoing singing harmonizing]
[Music fades oft]
[Geoffrey] "P-o"...
"P-o" something. something.
"G." come on. Geoffrey.
fire up the engines.
Ah! Pomegranate. Very good.
[Chuckles]
Ah! Mrs... Ms...
Ms. Marlowe. [Chuckles]
Come to paint the village red. eh?
I just want a drink.
Yeah. I know the feeling well.
What'll it be. miss?
Uh. vodka tonic.
- On its way.
- Oh. hey. let me get it.
- No. no. no.
- Absolutely not. My shout.
- I've got it.
I've got it. Oh. please.
Franklin. her money's no good here.
Right you are.
[It seems that you don't have legal tender.
Uaughs]
Thank you.
Just. um. chalk it up.
Settled in okay? No gremlins?
I saw you at the church
a little while ago.
You found the stained glass window?
You know. at dawn.
the sun shines straight through.
It's... it's miraculous.
You'd be bathed in light.
Been for a walk yet?
The old railway line.
You can stand there
and imagine the steam trains
- as they...
- Oi to the oi.
- Pass through the woods.
- [Franklin] Hello. Jimmy.
Frank. Geoff.
- Pint?
- Of course.
Evening. ma'am.
I hope you're feeling okay now.
- Not too rattled.
- Mm. fine. Thanks.
You heard about that business
at your rental?
My rental? What business?
Yeah. Intruder on the property.
Or on the grounds. anyway.
Well. surely not.
Some bloke. not a stitch
of clothing on him.
- [Scoffs]
- [Geoffrey] Goodness me.
[When the cat's away. eh? Uaughs]
Was a care of the community type.
Stalkers and bonkers. eh?
That's him.
Sounds like you know the guy. Geoff.
- Oh. stop it. [Chuckles]
- Did you find out who he is?
Oh. some gyppo. I dare say.
Maybe.
I'm so sorry. Ms. Marlowe.
No. it's not your fault. Geoffrey.
No. it must've been awful for you.
It was.
But they have him now. so...
Had him.
Had to release the bugger
about an hour ago.
What?
You released him?
Yeah. Yeah. had to let him go.
Why?
Not much to charge him with. miss.
[Chuckles]
It's not like he stole anything.
Just one of your apples. Geoff.
[Gasps] Scrumping! Hang him!
Yeah. we gave him
a jacket and trousers from lost property.
- Sent him packing.
- He was stalking me.
What makes you say that?
I saw him twice.
You saw him twice.
But I don't know if he saw you once.
It's... not quite stalking. is it?
He followed me out of the woods.
then tried to break into the house.
Well. you see him again. give us a shout.
You're leaving?
[Harper] Fucking wankers.
[Door closes]
[Distant scream]
[Breathing heavily]
[Unnerving music playing]
[Line ringing]
Come on. please pick up.
[Sighs] Come on.
- Don't tell me there's more.
- There's more.
What the fuck?
I went for a walk.
I meet a boy in a churchyard
who tells me I'm a stupid bitch.
Then I meet a vicar who tells me
that I drove James to kill himself.
Then I meet a policeman who tells me
that they just released the naked weirdo
who tried to break into
the house yesterday.
And...
I'm... I'm done. I'm done.
I'm just gonna get in the car and go home.
Fuck this.
-Yeah.
Fuck this. Fuck this shit.
That house was the one thing
that you wanted for yourself.
What you chose as a place to heal.
And now you have to give it up
because of some motherfuck nut!
How long did you say the drive was?
Three hours away?
Foun
I'm gonna do it in three.
And you and me. we 're gonna
have a good fucking time.
- [Chuckling softly]
- We are.
We 're gonna go on walks.
and we're gonna eat roast dinners.
[Laughing]
And ice cream. and I'm gonna watch you
get pissed in the evenings.
and if that fucking weirdo comes back.
I'm gonna take that ax
and chop his dick off.
and he can fucking choke on it.
What ax?
Behind you.
So. do we do it?
Just five minutes for me
to stick some shit in a bag.
and I'll rag up the moton/vay.
Okay.
So. what's the address?
Uh. hang on a second.
[Sighs] Okay.
Just a minute.
- Have you got a pen?
- Yes.
Okay. the village is called cotson.
And the postcode. uh...
The postcode is hl89 3xr.
The house is called cotson manor.
[Clicks tongue] Shit.
[Sighs] Come on.
- Oh. hi.
- Hi. Hi.
- Did you get any of that?
- No.
Okay. the village is called cotson.
C-o-t-s-o-n.
And the postcode is hl89...
[Eerie music playing]
[Phone chimes]
Right.
[Sighs deeply]
[Eerie music continues]
[Breathing shakily]
What is it? What's happened?
What are you doing here?
Has he come back?
Why aren't you replying?
[Harper gasps]
[Whispers] What the fuck?
[Twig snaps]
[Gasps]
[Eerie music continues]
[Running footsteps approaching]
[Screaming]
[Harper shrieks]
Why are you...
[Door thuds]
Why are you doing this?!
[Harper breathing heavily]
[Scurrying]
[Gasps]
[Breath trembling]
[Muffled thud]
- [Door thuds]
- [Gasps]
- [Gasping]
[Whimpering]
[Glass shards crunching]
[Screams]
[Panting]
[Glass shards continue crunching]
- [Door rattling and pounding]
- [Gasps]
I have a weapon!
- [Door continues rattling]
- I said I have a weapon!
If you come in here. I'm going to use it!
[Door pounds]
Ms. Marlowe. what on earth
are you talking about?
Geoff...
What the hell is going on?
I heard screaming.
and then a window break.
There... there was someone.
Someone tried to break in.
Was it that bloody man?
Has he come back?
No. Don't!
Oh. god!
[Geoffrey sighs]
[Geoffrey clicks tongue]
Oh. you poor thing.
[Geoffrey grunting]
Oh. so sorry. old girl.
Oh. don't look Ms. Marlowe.
[Neck snaps]
[Groans] Sorry about that.
The broken wing. you see.
Nothing to be done.
But I quite understand
why it gave you a fright.
But there was someone outside.
He tried to get in.
tried to kick the door in.
- Who?
- The policeman.
- What?
- I saw the policeman.
And another man.
I'm not making this up.
Ms. Marlowe.
you don't strike me as a liar.
I believe you.
After all. it's already
happened once today. no?
And. uh...
Well. as your landlord.
it now falls on me to have a...
A good look around.
Clear all of this up.
No. Geoffrey. don't go outside.
[Geoffrey] No. nonsense.
Damsel in distress. I'm just the fellow.
Geoffrey. don't!
"You have precisely the qualities
of a failed military man."
What?
Father told me that.
[I was only seven years old.
Uaughs]
Time we showed him what's what. eh?
[Uneasy music playing]
Geoffrey?
That's better.
All clear here.
[Uneasy music continues]
[Breathing heavily]
Now. look here!
Whoever's out there.
I don't know what you think
you're playing at. but...
It's not gonna sit well with me.
Not one bit.
Do you hear?
Seems to me like they might've gone.
[Birds chirping]
[Haunting music playing]
[Gasping softly]
[Inhales deeply]
[Exhales uneasily]
[Haunting music continues]
[Haunting operatic music playing]
[Haunting operatic music continues]
[Gasping]
[Haunting music playing]
[Haunting music fades oft]
[Object creaking]
[Creaking]
[Unnerving music playing]
[Creaking continues]
You really hurt me.
Look what you did.
Stay away from me.
What are you gonna do now?
Hurt me again?
Stab me again?
You're so mean.
You wouldn't even play a game
of hide and seek.
But I think you will now.
I will fucking cut you.
[Scoffs]
I'll do it.
I don't think you will.
[Tense music playing]
But you probably should.
It'll be the last chance you get.
[Gasps]
Good. so you're hiding.
I'll count to ten.
One.
two...
Three...
[Whispering] Four...
[Samuel] You should be finding
somewhere to hide. I know where you are.
Five.
six.
seven.
eight.
nine.
[Breathes shakily]
[Whispers]
Ready or not. here I come.
[Spooky music playing]
[Door creaking]
[Sighs]
"A shudder in the loins
engenders there
the broken wall.
the burning roof and tower
and agamemnon
dead"
What the fuck are you?
A swan.
When did you lose your virginity?
What?
I'm asking you at what age
you lost your virginity.
I've been thinking about it.
I have pictured you.
Legs open.
Vagina open.
Mouth open.
I have decided that you are
an expert in carnality.
Someone who has explored
all the things that they can do.
and have done to them.
[Breathing heavily]
These things now exist in my mind.
This is your power.
This is the control that you exert.
[Sighs]
"I must be won. that cannot win
yet lost were I not won
for beauty hath been created to undo
or be undone"
[vicar breathing heavily]
You are singing to me.
Not as ulysses but as sailor.
To dash me to pieces...
On the rocks of this...
[Harper gasps]
These rocks.
This...
This... [sighs]
[Vicar moans]
What is this?
[Tense music playing]
Exactly.
It's the tip of the blade.
[Breath trembling]
- [Breathing heavily]
- [Harper whimpering]
[Harper gasps]
[Harper whimpering]
[Vicar continues breathing heavily]
- [Knife squelches]
- [Vicar wheezes]
[Continues wheezing]
[Harper's echoing song playing]
[Gentle music playing]
[Harper's echoing song continues]
[Music and Harper's echoing song continue]
- [Shrieks]
- [Geoffrey grunts]
[Tires screeching]
[Breathlessly] Geoffrey.
No. no. no.
No. no.
[Pants]
[Grunting and groaning]
[Unnerving music playing]
[Panting]
Ms. Marlowe?
[Harper gasping and whimpering]
Mrs. Marlowe!
[Harper continues whimpering]
[Panting]
[Tires squeal]
[Ominous music playing]
- [Yelling]
- [Engine roaring]
[Tires squealing]
[Harper yells]
[Panting]
[Harper whimpers]
[Harper screaming]
[Engine rattling]
[Sobbing softly]
[Continues sobbing]
[Birds chirping in distance]
[Sinister music playing]
[Breathing heavily]
[Sinister music continues]
[Gasps]
[Silent scream]
[Haunting operatic music playing]
[Squelching]
[Haunting operatic music continues]
[Wailing]
[Exhales]
[Haunting operatic music continues]
[Music stops]
[Geoffrey grunts]
[Grunts]
[Panting]
[Sobbing]
[Joints popping]
- [Geoffrey groaning]
- [Skin stretching]
[Haunting operatic music continues]
[Body thuds]
[Pained breath]
[Music fades oft]
Look at me. Harper.
So I died.
My arm was ripped through
by an iron railing.
My ankle snapped.
My internal organs. crushed.
This is what you did.
James...
What is it that you want from me?
Your love.
[Scoffs softly]
[Sighs] Yeah.
[J' "love song" by Elton John playing]
J“ the words I have to say j“
j“ may well be simple. but they're true j“
j“ until you give your love j“
j“ there's nothing more that we can do j“
j“ love is the opening door!“
j“ love is what we came here for!“
j“ no one could offer you more j“
j“ do you know what I mean? J“
j“ have your eyes really seen? J“
J“ you say it's very hard j“
j“ to leave behind the life we knew j“
j“ but there's no other way j”
j“ and now it's really up to you j“
J“ love is the key we must turn j“
j“ truth is the flame we must burn j“
j“ freedom the lesson we must learn j“
j“ do you know what I mean? J“
j“ have your eyes really seen? J“
[children chattering]
[Child squeals]
[Muffled chattering continues]
[Song continues]
J“ love is the opening door!“
j“ love is what we came here for!“
j“ no one could offer you more j“
j“ do you know what I mean? J“
j“ have your eyes really seen? J“
j“ have your eyes really... j“
[haunting operatic music playing]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-